Score Tracker is a simple skill that keeps track of scores for people. A current list of all players and scores is always displayed on the skill card for most utterances/calls to the skill.

Scores will be remembered until reset by the user. Players will also be remembered until reset by the user. There is no need to add players. If a person does not exist when assigning points the skill will make a new entry for them.

A current list of all players and scores is always displayed on the skill card for most utterances/calls to the skill.

Some features and sample utterances:

* add a score for a player
ex: 'ask score tracker to add 5 points for John'
ex: 'ask score tracker to give 5 points to Dave'
ex: 'ask score tracker 5 to Sarah'

* Get the score for a single player
ex: 'ask score tracker how many points does Sarah have'
ex: 'ask score tracker what's the score for Dave'

* Get the score for everyone/See who is winning
ex: 'ask score tracker how many points everyone has'
ex: 'ask score tracker who is winning'
ex: 'ask score tracker for the score'

* subtract a score for a player
ex: 'ask score tracker to remove 5 points from Dave'

* Remove a player from the tracker
ex: 'ask score tracker to remove John'
ex: 'ask score tracker to remove Sarah from the game'

* Reset the score for a single player
ex: 'ask score tracker to reset the score for Dave'

* Reset the score for everyone
ex: 'ask score tracaker to reset the game'
ex: 'ask score tracker to start a new round'
ex: 'ask score tracker for a new game'

* Remove all players from the tracker
ex: 'ask score tracker to remove everyone'
ex: 'ask score tracker to remove all players'
ex: 'ask score tracker to remove everyone from the game'

Note that uncommon names may sometimes be misunderstood by Alexa. This ends up resulting in a mispelled name being tracked.

If you run into any problems or bugs please report them or leave a comment/rating. I will try my best to fix all issues that pop up.

Thanks for using this skill!



